c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll.config
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.dll
c:\users\mkuzmich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll.config
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\MKuzmich\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll.config
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.dll
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
C:\Users\DevDstrebul\Desktop\WebCorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll.config
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.dll
C:\Users\DDK\Downloads\WEBcorrespondence_25_06\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll.config
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.dll
E:\Загрузки\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\WEBcorrespondence\obj\Debug\WEBcorrespondence.pdb
